What is Caching?
->Cache is a type of memory that is used to increase the speed of data access. 
Normally, the data required for any process resides in the main memory. 
However, it is transferred to the cache memory temporarily if it is used frequently enough. 
The process of storing and accessing data from a cache is known as caching.

How can you save money with Caching?
->Cache memory is faster than main memory as it is located on the processor chip itself. 
Its speed is comparable to the processor registers and so frequently required data is stored in the cache memory.
The memory access time is considerably less for cache memory as it is quite fast. 
This leads to faster execution of any process.
The cache memory can store data temporarily as long as it is frequently required. 
After the use of any data has ended, it can be removed from the cache and replaced by new data from the main memory.

What is load balancing?
->In computing, load balancing refers to the process of distributing a set of tasks over a set of resources (computing units), 
with the aim of making their overall processing more efficient. Load balancing can optimize the response time and 
avoid unevenly overloading some compute nodes while other compute nodes are left idle.

What is CAP Theorem?
->The CAP theorem, originally introduced as the CAP principle, can be used to explain some of the competing requirements in a distributed system with replication. 
It is a tool used to make system designers aware of the trade-offs while designing networked shared-data systems.

What is PACELC Theorem?
->The PACELC theorem is an extension to the CAP theorem. Both theorems were developed to provide a framework for comparing distributed systems. 
Like the CAP theorem, the PACELC theorem states that in case of network partitioning (P) in a distributed computer system, one has to choose between availability (A) and consistency (C). 
PACELC extends the CAP theorem by introducing latency and consistency as additional attributes of distributed systems. The theorem states that, “else (E), 
even when the system is running normally in the absence of partitions, one has to choose between latency (L) and consistency (C).” 

What is PACELC Theorem?
->The PACELC theorem is an extension to the CAP theorem.
 Both theorems were developed to provide a framework for comparing distributed systems.
 Like the CAP theorem, the PACELC theorem states that in case of network partitioning (P) in a distributed computer system, 
one has to choose between availability (A) and consistency (C). 
PACELC extends the CAP theorem by introducing latency and consistency as additional attributes of distributed systems. 
The theorem states that, “else (E), even when the system is running normally in the absence of partitions, one has to choose between latency (L) and consistency (C).”

What is Eventual Consistency?
->Eventual Consistency is a guarantee that when an update is made in a distributed database, 
that update will eventually be reflected in all nodes that store the data, 
resulting in the same response every time the data is queried.

What is Strong Consistency?
->Strong Consistency simply means the data must be strongly consistent at all times.
 All the server nodes across the world should contain the same value as an entity at any point in time.
 And the only way to implement this behavior is by locking down the nodes when being updated.

What are the different types of databases?
->Centralised database.
Distributed database.
Personal database.
End-user database.
Commercial database.
NoSQL database.
Operational database.
Relational database.
Cloud database.
Object-oriented database.
Graph database.

What are message queues?
->A message queue is a form of asynchronous service-to-service communication used in serverless and microservices architectures. 
Messages are stored on the queue until they are processed and deleted. 
Each message is processed only once, by a single consumer.
 Message queues can be used to decouple heavyweight processing, to buffer or batch work, and to smooth spiky workloads.

Which service by Amazon Web Services (AWS) can you use for Queues?
->Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) is a fully managed message queuing service that enables you to decouple and scale microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications.

What is Pub Sub ?
-> Publish/subscribe messaging, or pub/sub messaging, is a form of asynchronous service-to-service communication used 
in serverless and microservices architectures. In a pub/sub model, any message published to a topic is immediately 
received by all of the subscribers to the topic. Pub/sub messaging can be used to enable event-driven architectures, 
or to decouple applications in order to increase performance, reliability and scalability.

What are webhooks?
->A webhook in web development is a method of augmenting or altering the behavior of a web page or web application with custom callbacks. 
These callbacks may be maintained, modified, and managed by third-party users and developers who may not necessarily be affiliated with the originating website or application.

What is Docker? Why do we use it?
->Docker is an open source containerization platform. It enables developers to package applications into containers—standardized executable components combining 
application source code with the operating system (OS) libraries and dependencies required to run that code in any environment.
